It's pretty easy to get burned out if you're doing a lot at once. And
so the way to avoid burnout is to pace yourself. Essentially be realistic
about the time that you have available to you. And, you know,
don't take too many courses. Try not to work more hours than you need
Thio. Um, really pace yourself and take it slow. It's better to do
that in the long run, because if you pace yourself, you're more likely
to be successful in whatever it is that you're doing. Whereas if
you try to take on a lot all at once, you're more likely Thio end up
doing poorly, for instance, in your classes and then having to retake
them. So it, even though it may seem like by pacing yourself, you're
making your drawing the experience out. In the long run, you'll
probably spend less time